# SleepyBot 💤
SleepyBot is still **IN DEVELOPMENT** and there may be issues with the code, and vulnerabilities. If you find some feel free to fork the repo and show me what you bought that loud mechanical keyboard for. 

## About 🤔
I first made sleepybot as a small project for myself, trying to learn a new language. I can say that over the time I've been developing sleepyBot, I have defenately learnt a lot more about coding and JavaScript as a whole. I'm currently not too serious about the development of this bot or the hosting of it, however, if you'd like to join the official sleepybot testing/community server [look no further](https://discord.gg/kAPnbR8H)! Here, you can chat to me and anyone else who's invested in the development of this tiny bot that will probably go nowhere. Like a REAL github user.
## The code 💻
So, if you've downloaded the repo, you're might be wondering how you run this code. Well, it's really quite simple. All you need to do is open a terminal in your respective coding program of choice and run ``npm run start`` in the console. This (should hopefully) run the index.js file which sets up all the slash commands and boots the bot up. (If you're having issues, feel free to ping me in the discord server, no promises I can help though.)

The code comes with a lot of different commands, ranging of different uses. Personally, I have two favourite commands.
### /in-the-end
This command posts (currently) a few gifs to the garrys mod "in the end" music video. I saw that someone had turned the entire thing into different gifs so I decided it'd be pretty funny to have a command that allows you to post all these in order. Not only are they in order, they're perfectly timed to the song. This command was what also encouraged me to add a cooldown to some commands. For uh.... No particular reason.. :)
### /console
This is a pretty simple command! It takes a message from the user and posts it to the console of the program I host the bot with. This allows users to say whatever they want to me. I was fully aware of the risks of doing this and people breaking discord TOS, however, so I decided it would be best to print off their usernames, tags along with their discord id. So, If I find any rapscallions breaking discord TOS or just being general nuicenses I can block them from using the command (Coming soon, maybe), or, I can report them to the discord staff team.
## Setup 🤓
So! If you got my lovely, lovely repository downloaded or cloned you might realise you're missing a file that strings the whole thing together, the ``.env`` file! Well, It's really quite easy to setup. Firstly, in the main directory create a file called ".env", after doing this, we're going to define three different keys to make all our commands work. 
### Token
Firstly, we're going to need our bot token. This can be found on the [discord developer portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications) when you make your bot under your application. This is **THE HEART OF YOUR DISCORD BOT** so don't get sharing it with your egirlfriend who's really a 40 year old Russian guy named Vladmir (But if that's what your into.. Go for it I guess.) Once you have found your bot token, the next thing we must do is give it to the program. This, is VERY simple. All we do is make a variable in the program called ``TOKEN`` and then make it equal to your bot token. So, it should look like this ``TOKEN = POF08YF8FWAY89FW8YFAW97HFAW9H``
### WeatherStack key
The ``/weather`` command uses an API from the [weatherStack website](https://weatherstack.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=weatherstack_search_eu&gclid=CjwKCAjw6eWnBhAKEiwADpnw9q043_-9AA63Cd6JQhYhf6dNT0RHRXchszFI0cH5Row7Q1GFbOx5tRoCwhIQAvD_BwE), so, on this website you can setup your account and key. Do note, this is a PAID service and you only get a certain amount of pull requests every month, so make sure you keep the cooldown on this command enabled unless you have cash to throw around on some kids skidded github discord bot project. Once you've got the API key, in the ``.env`` file, make a variable called ``WEATHERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY`` and then make it equal to your API key. It should look something like this: ``WEATHERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY == HOUIFAW80YFWAFWAYHFAWO331`` (do note, this isn't a real API key. I just hit my keyboard real hard.
### Confession channel
Finally, we're also going to want to make a variable titled ``CONFESSION_CHANNEL``. This is grabbed in the ``confession.js`` file that is found in the command folder. This command takes a user input and puts it into a set channel, not taking any information on who sent it as an annonymous confession! ((I recommend you put the channel under **NSFW** for discord TOS reasons ofc. To find the channel ID you want to send to you must set your discord to developer mode, you can find a tutorial on how to do this [here](https://discord.com/developers/docs/game-sdk/store). Once this is done, right click the channel you want the confessions to be posted in and right click it, then, copy the channel ID to your clipboard and paste it into the ``CONFESSION_CHANNEL`` variable we put in earlier. You should be all set after this! :)

## Final notes 📓
I still have a lot more to do with this bot if I get time to do so. And I'm hoping I can learn a lot about coding on the way from my limited knowledge I get about python in my computer science class. God.. I hate Python so damn much. Hopefully I can meet some cool people with this repo too. Seeya soon! :)
